Wow. Dad brought a robot, too.
Brother-in-law, where did you get this from?
I developed it myself
Developed by yourself
Hmm, that's ridiculous
Qingfeng, you beat the phone
Can you still develop robots?
Find a bunch of rubbish and put it together
Let's just say it's a robot.
Are you kidding?
Which seedy market did you buy it from?
secondhand activation
Screen I said why are you not here
It turned out that after seeing the robots in our island country
I went to the second-hand market to buy models.
Hahaha
As a model, I have arms and legs and can walk
Pretty realistic
Unfortunately, including China
There is simply no way to develop robots that go beyond island countries
screen
Do you hear me?
Don't embarrass yourself here
Trash, I see you look like that
The blue fat guy in my trash can is trash
unblock
How dare you fall into the high technology of our island country
Do you know how advanced blue hats are?
He understands instructions.
It plays music.
Fatty Blue plays a piano song
Open their eyes
It actually plays music
As expected of an island country
This is real high-tech.
What high-tech is playing songs?
Xiaoxue can not only play piano music
You can even play the piano.